A MOVE to stop Mr. Gaitskell from nominating any more Labour life Peers is to be made at a meeting of Labour M Ps tomorrow . Mr. Michael Foot has put down a resolution on the subject and he is to be backed by Mr. Will Griffiths , M P for Manchester Exchange . A MOVE to stop Mr. Gaitskell from nominating any more Labour life Peers is to be made at a meeting of Labour 0M Ps tomorrow . Mr. Michael Foot has put down a resolution on the subject and he is to be backed by Mr. Will Griffiths , 0M P for Manchester Exchange . Though they may gather some Left-wing support , a large majority of Labour M Ps are likely to turn down the Foot-Griffiths resolution . Mr. Foot's line will be that as Labour M Ps opposed the Government Bill which brought life peers into existence , they should not now put forward nominees . He believes that the House of Lords should be abolished and that Labour should not take any steps which would appear to " prop up " an out-dated institution . Though they may gather some Left-wing support , a large majority of Labour M Ps are likely to turn down the Foot- Griffiths resolution . Mr. Foot's line will be that as Labour M Ps opposed the Government Bill which brought life peers into existence , they should not now put forward nominees . He believes that the House of Lords should be abolished and that Labour should not take any steps which would appear to " prop up " an out- Though they may gather some Left-wing support , a large majority of Labour 0M Ps are likely to turn down the Foot-Griffiths resolution . Mr. Foot's line will be that as Labour 0M Ps opposed the Govern- ment Bill which brought life peers into existence , they should not now put forward nominees . He believes that the House of Lords should be abolished and that Labour should not take any steps which would appear to " prop up " an out-dated institution . Since 1958 , 13 Labour life Peers and Peeresses have been created . Most Labour sentiment would # still favour the abolition of the House of Lords , but while it remains Labour has to have an adequate number of members . THE two rival African Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky , the Federal Premier . Since 1958 , 13 Labour life Peers and Peeresses have been created . Most Labour sentiment would still favour the abolition of the House of Lords , but while it remains Labour has to have an adequate number of members . THE two rival African Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky , the Federal Premier . Since 1958 , 13 Labour life Peers and # Peeresses have been created . Most Labour sentiment would still favour the abolition of the House of Lords , but while it remains Labour has to have an adequate number of members . THE two rival African Nationalist Parties of Northern Rhodesia have agreed to get together to face the challenge from Sir Roy Welensky , the Federal Premier . Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party ( 280,000 members ) and Mr. Harry Nkumbula's African National Congress ( 400,000 ) will meet in London today to discuss a common course of action . Sir Roy is violently opposed to Africans getting an elected majority in Northern Rhodesia , but the Colonial Secretary , Mr. Iain Macleod , is insisting on a policy of change . Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party ( 280,000 members ) and Mr. Harry Nkumbula's African National Congress ( 400,000 ) will meet in London today to discuss a common course of action . Sir Roy is violently opposed to Africans getting an elected majority in Northern Rhodesia , but the Colonial Secretary , Mr. Iain Macleod , is insisting on a policy of change . Delegates from Mr. Kenneth Kaunda's United National Independence Party ( 280,000 members ) and Mr. Harry Nkumbula's African National Congress ( 400,000 ) will meet in London today to discuss a common course of action . Sir Roy is violently opposed to Africans getting an elected majority in Northern Rhodesia , but the Colonial Secretary , Mr. Iain Macleod , is insisting on a policy of change . Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting the London talks on the Protectorate's future . Said Mr. Nkumbula last night : " We want to discuss what to do if the British Government gives in to Sir Roy and the talks fall through . There are bound to be demonstrations . " Yesterday Sir Roy's chief aide , Mr. Julius Greenfield , telephoned his chief a report on his talks with Mr. Macmillan at Chequers . Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting the London talks on the Protectorate's future . Said Mr. Nkumbula last night : " We want to discuss what to do if the British demonstrations . " Yesterday Sir Roy's chief aide , Mr. Julius Greenfield , telephoned his chief a report on his talks with Mr. Macmillan at Chequers . Sir Roy's United Federal Party is boycotting the London talks on the Protectorate's future . Said Mr. Nkumbula last night : " We want to discuss what to do if the British Government gives in to Sir Roy and the talks fall through . There are bound to be demonstrations . " Yesterday Sir Roy's chief aide , Mr. Julius Greenfield , telephoned his chief a report on his talks with Mr. Macmillan at Chequers . Mr. Macleod went on with the conference at Lancaster House despite the crisis which had blown up . He has now revealed his full plans to the Africans and Liberals attending . These plans do not give the Africans the overall majority they are seeking . African delegates are studying them today . The conference will meet to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs . Mr. Macleod went on with the conference at Lancaster House despite the crisis which had blown up . He has now revealed his full plans to the Africans and Liberals attending . These plans do not give the Africans the overall majority they are seeking . African delegates are studying them today . The conference will meet to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs . Mr. Macleod went on with the conference at Lancaster House despite the crisis which had blown up . He has now revealed his full plans to the Africans and Liberals attending . These plans do not give the Africans the overall majo- rity they are seeking . African delegates are studying them today . The conference will meet to discuss the function of a proposed House of Chiefs . MR. IAIN MACLEOD , the Colonial Secretary , denied in the Commons last night that there have been secret negotiations on Northern Rhodesia's future . The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two main settlers' parties - the United Federal Party and the Dominion Party . But representatives of Sir Roy Welensky , Prime Minister of the Central African Federation , went to Chequers at the week-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan . MR. IAIN MACLEOD , the Colonial Secretary , denied in the Commons last night that there have been secret negotiations on Northern Rhodesia's future . The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two main settlers' parties - the United Federal Party and the Dominion Party . But representatives of Sir Roy Welensky , Prime Minister of the Central African Federation , went to Chequers at the week-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan . Mr. Iain Macleod , the Colonial Secretary , denied in the Commons last night that there have been secret negotiations on the Northern Rhodesia's future . The Northern Rhodesia conference in London has been boycotted by the two main settlers' parties - the United Federal Party and the Dominion Party . But representatives of Sir Roy Welensky , Prime Minister of the Central African Federation , went to Chequers at the week-end for talks with Mr. Macmillan . Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation . Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end meeting . But he told M Ps yesterday : " I have no knowledge of secret negotiations . " He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal Government . But the final decision remained with the British Government . Mr. James Callaghan , Labour's Colonial spokesman , said Sir Roy had no right to delay progress in the talks by refusing to sit round the conference table . Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Federation . Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end meeting . But he told M Ps yesterday : " I have no knowledge of secret negotiations . " He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal Government . But the final decision remained with the British Government . Mr. James Callaghan , Labour's Colonial spokesman , said Sir Roy had no right to delay progress in the talks by refusing to sit round the conference table . Northern Rhodesia is a member of the Fede- ration . Mr. Macleod was not at the week-end meeting . But he told M Ps yesterday : " I have no knowledge of secret negotiations . " He said Britain had an obligation to consult the Federal Government . Mr. James Callaghan , Labour's Colonial spokesman , said Sir Roy had no right to delay progress in the talks by refusing to sit round the conference table . Mr. Macleod thought the two Rhodesian parties had refused to attend the talks because Sir Roy had found messages sent from the Government were " unsatisfac- tory . " African delegates to the talks yester- day called on Mr. Macmillan to cease his negotiations with Sir Roy's representative , Mr. Julius Greenfield . He was at Che- quers last week-end . They said they regarded with " growing anger " the " gross and unconstitutional " interference by Sir Roy's Federal Government in the talks . Mr. Macleod thought the two Rhodesian parties had refused to attend the talks because Sir Roy had found messages sent from the Government were " unsatisfactory . " African delegates to the talks yesterday called on Mr. Macmillan to cease his negotiations with Sir Roy's representative , Mr. Julius Greenfield . He was at Chequers last week-end . They said they regarded with " growing anger " the gross and unconstitutional " interference by Sir Roy's Federal Government in the talks . Informal talks at Lancaster House will resume today . President Kennedy today defended the appointment of a Negro as his Housing Minister . It has aroused strong opposition from the anti-Negro senators of the Deep South . The negro is Mr. Robert Weaver of New York . One of his tasks will be to see there is no racial discrimination in Government and State housing projects . B.Kaufmann Informal talks at Lancaster House will resume today . PRESIDENT KENNEDY today defended the appointment of a Negro as his Housing Minister . It has aroused strong opposition from the anti-Negro senators of the Deep South . The negro is Mr. Robert # Weaver of New York . One of his tasks will be to see there is no racial discrimination in Government and State housing projects . Informal talks at Lancaster House will resume today . PRESIDENT KENNEDY today defended the appointment of a Negro as his Housing Minister . It has aroused strong opposition from the anti-Negro senators of the Deep South . The negro is Mr. Robert Weaver of New York . One of his tasks will be to see there is no racial discrimination in Government and State housing projects . Senator Allen Ellender of Louisiana sparked off the opposition by telling a television audience it was " current Washington gossip " that Weaver once had Communist affiliations . The Senate Banking Committee , which is headed by another Southern Senator - Willis Robertson , of Virginia - met today in closed session to discuss Weaver's appointment . Senator Robertson later disclosed he had sent a letter to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received several complaints about Weaver's loyalty . Senator Allen Ellender , of Louisiana , sparked off the opposition by telling a television audience it was " current Washington gossip " that Weaver once had Communist affiliations . The Senate Banking Committee , which is headed by another Southern Senator - Willis Robertson , of Virginia - met today in closed session to discuss Weaver's appointment . Senator Robertson later disclosed he had sent a letter to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received Senator Allen Ellender , of Louisiana , sparked off the opposition by telling a television audience it was " current Washington gossip " that Weaver once had Communist affilia- tions . The Senate Banking Committee , which is headed by another Southern Senator - Willis Robertson , of Virginia - met today in closed session to discuss Weaver's appointment . Senator Robertson later disclosed he had sent a letter to Mr. Kennedy saying he had received several complaints about Weaver's loyalty . He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's alleged association with organisations black- listed by the Government . Immediately Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator Robertson saying the Federal Bureau of In- vestigation had reported on Mr. Weaver . He believed he would perform " outstanding service " in his post . Senator Robertson's committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination before it can be con- # sidered by the full Senate . He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's alleged association with organisations black- listed by the Government . Immediately Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator Robertson saying the Federal Bureau of Investigation had reported on Mr. Weaver . He believed he would perform " outstanding service " in his post . Senator Robertson's committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination before it can be considered by the full Senate . He said these concerned Mr. Weaver's alleged association with organisations black-listed by the Government . Immediately Mr. Kennedy rushed a letter to Senator Robertson saying the Federal Bureau of Investigation had reported on Mr. Weaver . He believed he would perform " outstanding service " in his post . Senator Robertson's committee has to pass Mr. Weaver's nomination before it can be considered by the full Senate . PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get tough over West Germany's cash offer to help America's balance of payments position . He said bluntly in Washington yester- day that the offer - 357million - was not good enough . And he indicated that his Government would try to get Germany to pay more . He did not mention personal talks with Dr. Adenauer , the West German Chancellor . PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get tough over West Germany's cash offer to help America's balance of payments position . He said bluntly in Washington yesterday that the offer - 357million - was not good enough . And he indicated that his Government would try to get Germany to pay more . He did not mention personal talks with Dr. Adenauer , the West German Chancellor . PRESIDENT KENNEDY is ready to get tough over West Germany's cash offer to help America's balance of payments position He said bluntly in Washington yesterday that the offer - 357million - was not good enough . And he indicated that his Government would try to get Germany to pay more . He did not mention personal talks with Dr. Adenauer , the West German Chancellor . But he said discussions " on a higher level than in the past " might be useful . The President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano , the West German Foreign Minister , who is due in Washington next week . A big slice of Germany's " aid " # is the early payment of a 210million debt to America . United States officials quickly point out that this is money due to America anyway . But he said discussions " on a higher level than in the past " might be useful . The President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano , the West German Foreign Minister , who is due in Washington next week . A big slice of Germany's " aid " is the early payment of a 210million debt to America . United States officials quickly point out that this is money due to America anyway . But he said discussions " on a higher level than in the past " might be useful . The President will probably discuss the problem with Dr. Brentano , the West German Foreign Minister , who is due in Washington next week . A big slice of Germany's " aid " is the early payment of a 210million debt to America . United States officials quickly point out that this is money due to America anyway . And they are unimpressed by the Germans' claim that they cannot pay more than 357million without upsetting their own economy . The Americans say Germany is having it too good and is not paying for the past or for the present . The Adenauer Government flatly rejected attempts by the Eisenhower Government to get them to pay a regular sum towards the cost of keeping American troops in Germany . These support costs are a big drain on America's dollar reserves . Dr. Adenauer's answer is the once-and-for-all cash offer of 357million . President Kennedy's rejection of it is a painful blow to the West German Government . It will now have to pay more - and increase taxation to do so - or run the obvious # risks in upsetting the new American administration . These support costs are a big drain on America's dollar reserves . Dr. Adenauer's answer is the once-and-for-all cash offer of 357million . President Kennedy's rejection of it is a painful blow to the West German Government . It will now have to pay more - and increase taxation to do so - or run the obvious risks in upsetting the new American administration . And , since this is election year in West Germany , Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot . Joyce Egginton cables : President Kennedy at his Washington Press con- ference admitted he did not know whether America was lagging behind Russia in missile power . He said he was waiting for his senior military aides to come up with the answer on February 20 . And , since this is election year in West Germany , Dr. Adenauer is in a tough spot . Joyce Egginton cables : President Kennedy at his Washington Press conference admitted he did not know whether America was lagging behind Russia in missile power . He said he was waiting for his senior military aides to come up with the answer on February 20 . This surprising statement was a sharp about- face from his warnings during the Presidential election campaign . He claimed slackness in the Eisenhower Administration had caused America to lag behind Russia in nuclear development . President Kennedy did his best to avoid giving Pressmen a direct answer . George Brown CHILDREN TWO men who are poles apart in personality last night dominated Mr. Brown , passionate and warm-hearted , led Labour's attack on the higher health charges . Mr. Powell , white-faced and outwardly unemotional , replied with a statistical state- ment - and ended by inciting Labour M Ps to angry uproar . One dealt with the human issue behind the Health Service ; the other tried to show that the balance-sheet must always come first . Mr. Brown , passionate and warm-hearted , led Labour's attack on the higher health charges . Mr. Powell , white-faced and outwardly unemotional , replied with a statistical statement - and ended by inciting Labour M Ps to angry uproar . One dealt with the human issue behind the Health Service ; the other tried to show that the balance-sheet must always come first . The result of the vote was not in doubt . For the Tories were massed in answer to their whips to defeat a censure motion on the Government for " undermining the Health Service " and placing heavy burdens on those least able to bear them . Mr. Brown declared that the policy under censure was monstrous . It had offended many people far beyond the ranks of Labour supporters . The result of the vote was not in doubt . For the Tories were massed in answer to their whips to defeat a censure motion on the Government for " undermining the Health Service " and placing heavy burdens on those least able to bear them . Mr. Brown declared that the policy under censure was monstrous . It had offended many people far beyond the ranks of Labour supporters . The Press , many doctors and public were denouncing the proposals . He quoted from this letter which Mr. Gaitskell had received : " My background is a doctor of 68 , who has practised medicine for 43 years , chiefly as a panel doctor . " I am a lifelong Conservative . I am horrified and amazed by my party's proposal to prostitute the whole principle of the State service and to render that service a hardship to poor people . " After a lifetime of helping others and healing the sick , my considered opinion is that anybody supporting the increased charges is a wicked , old - . " Mr. Brown went on : " We are dealing with a noble edifice which needs an imaginative architect to improve it , but it has got a quantity surveyor . We have descended from the real problems to fiddling about with bills of cost . " After a lifetime of helping others and healing the sick , my considered opinion is that anybody supporting the increased charges is a wicked , old - . " Mr. Brown went on : " We are dealing with a noble edifice which needs an imaginative architect to improve it , but it has got a quantity surveyor . We have descended from the real problems to fiddling about with bills of cost . We believe that a comprehensive medical service , free to the patient at the point of need and with one standard for all sick people , is good and attainable . " We remain for it . But the Tories never were . " Interrupted by angry Tories , Mr. Brown retorted : " The jackals bay when there is nothing better they can do . " " We believe that a comprehensive medical service , free to the patient at the point of need and with one standard for all sick people , is good and attainable . " We remain for it . But the Tories never were . " Interrupted by angry Tories , Mr. Brown retorted : " The jackals bay when there is nothing better they can do . " He told them that their conception of social services was wholly different - fundamentally different from that of Labour . They would provide an ambulance service for the absolutely wretched - but it would not be too comfortable nor too easy to get . Answering jeers that it was Labour which first put a ceiling on health spending and started charges , Mr. Brown reminded the hostile Government benches that was done in 1950 because of the financial strain of the Korean war . He told them that their conception of social services was wholly different - fundamentally different from that of Labour . They would provide an ambulance service for the absolutely wretched - but it would not be too comfortable nor too easy to get . Answering jeers that it was Labour which first put a ceiling on health spending and started charges , Mr. Brown reminded the hostile Government benches that was done in 1950 because of the financial strain of the Korean war . In fact , the Tories made it worse now for the sick and needy than Labour had to make it in 1950 . And as a percentage of social service expenditure , health had fallen from 28.5 to 23.1 per cent. Then Mr. Brown swung his attack directly to the unsmiling Mr. Powell . He demanded that instead of taking it out of the patients Mr. Powell should take ruthless action against the drug making industry , whose profits had risen by up to 400 per cent. in the last eight years . In fact , the Tories made it worse now for the sick and needy than Labour had to make it in 1950 . And as a percentage of social service expenditure , health had fallen from 28.5 to 23.1 per cent. Then Mr. Brown swung his attack directly to the unsmiling Mr. Powell . He demanded that instead of taking it out of the patients Mr. Powell should take ruthless action against the drug making industry , # whose profits had risen by up to 400 per " Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out of mothers , children and sick people than to take on this vast industry , " Mr. Brown commented icily . " Let us have a full inquiry into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical industry . " The health of children today owed much to the welfare food scheme . It was maintained during the war . Now in conditions of Tory affluence it seemed it could not be carried on . " Mr. Powell finds it easier to take it out of mothers , children and sick people than to take on this vast industry , " Mr. Brown commented icily . " Let us have a full inquiry into the cost of drugs and the pharmaceutical industry . " The health of children today owed much to the welfare food scheme . It was maintained during the war . Now in conditions of Tory affluence it seemed it could not be carried on . When Mr. Brown sat down Labour M Ps cheered for a full minute - and even his bitterest opponents on defence joined in . Mr. Powell devoted half his speech to giving details of plans for improving the hospital service , on which indeed the Government is making progress . His basic defence of the Health Service cuts was that " even after the proposed changes the net cost of the service to the Exchequer will have increased over three years by 20 per cent. When Mr. Brown sat down Labour M Ps cheered for a full minute - and even his bitterest opponents on defence joined in . Mr. Powell devoted half his speech to giving details of plans for improving the hospital service , on which indeed the Government is making progress . His basic defence of the Health Service cuts was that " even after the proposed changes the net cost of the service to the Exchequer will have increased over three years by 20 per cent. " That cannot continue without either development being limited or an adjustment being made in financing . " The Government decided to adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell claimed was underpinning - not undermining - the service . Answering the attack on " economic charges " for welfare foods , Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants . " That cannot continue without either development being limited or an adjustment being made in financing . " The Government decided to adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell claimed was underpinning - not undermining - the service . Answering the attack on " economic charges " for welfare foods , Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants . " That cannot continue without either development being limited or an adjustment being made in financing . " The Government decided to adjust the financing - which Mr. Powell claimed was underpinning - not undermining - the service . Answering the attack on " economic charges " for welfare , Mr. Powell said that all these foods would still be free in families receiving regular National Assistance grants .